This privacy policy informs you about how deltaDAO AG processes your personal data when you use our app. Moreover, this privacy policy informs you about your rights.

The controller pursuant to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) for the processing of your personal data is: 

deltaDAO AG  
Geibelstraße 46b  
22303 Hamburg  
Germany 
E-mail: contact@delta-dao.com 

2. External links 
Our app contains links to websites owned by third parties. These websites are beyond our control and responsibility. We mark external links using this symbol (>arrow<). 

3. Your rights 
Pursuant to the GDPR, you have the following rights. If you wish to exercise your rights or have any questions, do not hesitate to contact us. 
 
3.1 Right of access (Art. 15 GDPR) 
You have the right to obtain confirmation about whether deltaDAO processes personal data about you. If we do so, you have the right to access these personal data along with the information defined in Art. 15 GDPR. 

3.2 Right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR) 
You have the right to obtain from us the rectification of inaccurate personal data about you without undue delay. Also, you have to obtain from us the completion of incomplete personal data about you.  

3.3 Right to erasure (Art. 17 GDPR) 
You have the right to obtain the erasure of your personal data without undue delay, where the legal grounds defined in Art. 17 GDPR apply. 

3.4 Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR) 
You have the right to obtain the restriction of processing personal data about you where the legal grounds defined in Art. 18 GDPR apply. 

3.5 Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR) 
You have the right to receive from us your personal data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and the right to transmit the received data to another controller without hindrance from us, where the legal grounds defined in Art. 20 GDPR apply. 

3.6 Right to object (Art. 21 GDPR) 
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data, where we base the processing on legitimate interests (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR). We will no longer process your personal data except we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds, which override your freedoms, rights, and interests, or if we have to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims. 

3.7 Right to lodge a complaint (Art. 77 GDPR) 
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, especially in the Member State of your habitual residence, your place of work, or the place of the alleged infringement if you think that deltaDAO processes your personal data in a way that infringes the GDPR. 
 
4. Questions 
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please send us an e-mail at contact@delta-dao.com. 
